Hello!

Here are files relating to my fvwm setup. The setup works for fvwm
2.5 and Slackware 13.1 but should also work for fvwm 2.6 when it
comes out and for other distributions of Linux. The .fvwmrc file is
annotated and you should look at the annotations. You should also
look at the later keyboard shortcuts to see what they do.

To set up initially, rename your existing .fvwm directory, unzip
the zipfile in your home directory, move the .Xresources and
.profile stuff to wherever that stuff goes in your setup, and start
fvwm.

You'll need to do some trial and error to get things working as you
like. Not everybody's got a 2048x1536 display, so you may have to
change fonts and geometries. You may also have to install some of
the utility programs -- wmctrl and wmsetbg for example.

You'll have to provide your own background images, number them
0.jpg - 38.jpg (or whatever), and put them in the "background"
directory. (If you have 9 instead of 39 images you should change
"RANDOM %38" to "RANDOM %8" wherever it appears in your .fvwmrc.)

If you like sound effects but don't like my sounds, others are
available at http://www.fvwm.org/download/icons.php.

You'll probably want to change the resource files for the "fortune
in the toolbar" and "todo in the toolbar" features. An easy way to
get rid of my fortune files and use the default ones would be to do
something like "fortune -s all".

fortune and todo.pl mostly do the same thing, so if you want to
simplify the setup you might choose one or the other and go with
it. fortune is more efficient and flexible but it's easier to
change the resource file for todo.pl. (With fortune your list of
quotes or whatever has to be specially formatted and have strfile
run on it.)

The point of the xbiff setup is that you only get an icon on the
desktop if mail has arrived and not been dealt with. The screenshot
makes it look like there's a black patch in the xbiff location but
on the actual screen it's not there.

I hope that some of the ideas and files are helpful. If you have
questions you can send me a note at skarpheddin@gmail.com.

jk